City Lord
Gao Xiaoyun, the daughter of the sinner, has arrived
Kill it, Deling
If you don't even investigate, you will be killed immediately
Are you questioning my judgment?
City Lord
You are the leader of Jinghai
That's all.
Don't you investigate for so long?
The latest evidence is out
Gao Xiaoyun, you women collude with Grass Forest
It's done.
What else is there to say?
Come on, take it out
Elder Yuntao
Who is this guy?
He is Gao Xiaoyun's personal bodyguard
You have to come with a piece of chaos
By the way, pull them to the city center to kill the beasts
Give Jinhai people an order to explain
Why are you relying on your life?
Elder Yuntao
There are too many mysteries now
You always talk about the evidence
But no actual evidence
I don't accept this ending
I hope His Excellency the King will testify
Which war king is war king Chen?
That Gao Xiaoyun seems to have some intersection with Zhanwang Chen
Lord Zhu Chu
I, Gao Xiaoyun, want nothing else
I just want the truth to come out
Even if my father is really a thief in the end
Also willing to die
Don't bother so much, you two kill yourself again
Lest Zhanwang Chen trouble me